feat: vulns check transfer (#21)
saritasa-nest/saritasa-github-actions: .github/actions/security-audit/README.md

We use the default Gitleaks configuration (`useDefault = true`), which enables detection of a wide range of common secret patterns out of the box.
You can find more details about the default rules here: https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks/blob/master/config/gitleaks.toml

#### environment variables

* `github-token: ${{secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}` \
  GitHub token used to authenticate API requests. Use the default GitHub Actions token: `${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}`.

* [`gitleaks-license: ${{secrets.GITLEAKS_LICENSE}}`](https://keys.saritasa.cloud/cred/detail/c6nP9FFoXhtxEjKJADwsYQ) \
  To use gitleaks in an organization, we need license key, get here https://gitleaks.io/products.html

    1) go to fill out the Google form
    2) paste devops@saritasa.com into the email field
    3) wait for the key, add it to GitHub at the organization level https://github.com/organizations/saritasa-nest/settings/secrets/actions

* `gitleaks-slack-webhook: ${{secrets.GITLEAKS_SLACK_WEBHOOK}}` \

>   Automatic generation of comments in pr is disabled because pr comment is generated by jinja using `pr-comment-template.j2`

Reviewer: Doesn't look like this string is actual to the related secret, pls adjust description here and provide link where to get this webhook + the link to related Slack channel

Author: done

```
from jinja2 import Template
import json
with open("tmp/variables-data.json") as file:
    data = json.load(file)

> with open(".github/actions/secrets-checks/templates/slack-message-template.j2") as file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with open(".github/actions/security-audit/templates/slack-message-template.j2") as file:
```

Author: done
